# **Marco Guanchez**
## 10/30/23

1. What does one need to do to use a module?**
   
   Need to import the respective module into a code-based, by using the import statement. 

2. Name a Module (not the DateTime Nodule) we looked at and write a line or 2 of code as an example using this module.

    Math  
    import math  
    print("square root...", math.sqrt(400))  
    square root... 20.0

3. What is the benefit of using Exception handling?

    Exception handling consists of using four exception statements: Try, except, else, and finally
    Each one has a purpose:
    * Try-Tests a block of errors
    * Except - Handles the error
    * Else - executes code when there is not error
    * Finally - executes code, regardless of try and except  
    The benefits is that errors can be identified and handled appropietely with the correct statement. 


4. What are the 4 components used for Python Exception Handling? 
   * Try
   * Except
   * Else
   * Finally

5. NumPy arrays are like what Python Data type? 

    List

6. What is one of the main benefits of using NumPy arrays?

    * Occupy less memory
  
7. What is one of the main requirements about the 'dtype' of NumPy arrays? 
   
   Need to explicitly specify using data type "dtype".
   Since Numpy arrays are homogeneous, the main requirement is that must have the same data type in order to allow for efficient storage and better manipulation of data. 


8. Of the 10 uses of NumPy, name 2.

    * Linear Algebra
    * Bitwise operator

9. Name one of the other libraries we'll use with NumPy?
    
    Pandas

10. What is the shape of NumPy arrays?

    The shape is a **tuple** of _non-negative integers_ that specify the dimensions, length, and size of each array (3,2,4).
11. What is a Tensor?

    An array with 3+ dimensions.

12. Name a reason why it's better using NumPy for Data Analysis than using a Python List?
    * Storage efficiency
    * Faster
    * More convenient

13. When creating an "empty" array, where do the elements come from? 

    It comes from the fact that the array doesn't have its values initialized (unpredictable and to the mercy of whatever happens to be allocated for the array)




